Setting up new flag --target-config/--no-target-config to skip use of config files repo/folder being scanned (#480)
godaddy/tartufo: CHANGELOG.md

--------------------

Features:

> * [#473](https://github.com/godaddy/tartufo/pull/473) - Introduces new flag `--target-config/--no-target-config` to process or skip using config file in the repository or folder being scanned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#473](https://github.com/godaddy/tartufo/pull/473) - Introduces new flag `--target-config/--no-target-config` to enable or disable processing of the config file in the repository or folder being scanned
```
